To Do List

Created                                                                Completed
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Most recent at the top.

Nov. 19, 2011
Changing a small thing in coding standard. When I have a variable which is "Y" or
"N", I usually just leave the variable empty for "N" and set it to Y for "Y". 
Then check for assignment [[ -n $VAR ] in order to see if it has been set to Y.
This is just a preference and I like it because it makes the code a little easier
to read in my opinion. However when debugging all you get is [[ -n "Y" ]] which 
makes it hard to know what variable you are dealing with if you are not debugging
in verbose (set -v) mode. My solution is to use something more meaningful instead
of Y since I am only checking for size anyway...something like "REMOVE FILES".
If you do this you get this when you are debugging [[ -n "REMOVE FILES ]] which
is a lot easier to follow when looking at debug output.

   * Screencast about this under "Code Style"
   * Add this to TiddlyWiki.

Nov. 17, 2011
Need to add command line options to .wahoo-setup.sh so I can run automated tests
without being prompted...do I really want to do this or is this a different test
package that only developers run? Think we need one for all-users and one for
developers.

Nov. 17, 2011
Create script to download and install a NOSQL DB, and then allow option of
using that as a datastore for cache.sh. Also write other utilities which 
make use of the NOSQL database easy.

Nov. 17, 2011
Make sure that wahoo.sh setup runs automatically anytime a VERSION change event
is detected and log results or capture results.

Nov. 17, 2011
Create TiddlyWiki for documentation. Add entry on why I don't like to use
functions. They don't export well, they are not predictable, they are harder
to debug.

Nov. 16, 2011
At this point there is no validation of a PARAMETER name when you run "wahoo.sh
config". If we allow user defined parms then validation gets a bit complicated
and I almost rather perform no validation of some sort of "soft" validation and
not worry about it. What is "soft" validation? Soft validation probably means
monitoring the parameters and just logging any unknown parameters to the app
log file every now and then. These "INFO" messages should be reviewed 
periodically. One other thing to consider is that the config files can be 
edited manually so that is why we would need some sort of passive monitoring.
The main thing we want to check for is a typo in a delivered parameter.

Nov. 16, 2011
Add a variable naming format for .wahoo files which will prevent those 
parameters from being over-written the next time "wahoo.sh setup" is run.

